docs: Search Metadata Batch 03 (#14593)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/internals/index.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Internals Overview
description: >-

> Consul is a complex system that relies on a number of protocols and concepts to work. Learn about Consul's internal properties and how it works under the hood.

Reviewer: I don't think we want to focus on complexity. Ideally, that's abstracted most of the time. The goal is to give more advanced knowledge where it's needed to promote better/more advanced usage.
```suggestion
To enhance your mental model of how to use, troubleshoot, and secure Consul, learn more about Consul's internal properties and how it works under the hood.
```
